README.md, before:

# teamProfile-generator
A command line application that enables users to input informations in regards to their employees and generate an HTML page that displays relevant informations of each memeber on a team of developers. This application relies heavily on the concept of Object orient programming (OOP), this case being classes: Employee, Manager, Engineer, and Intern. These classes later going under unit testings to ensure correctness of JS codebase through the use of Jest.

## URL Repo
https://github.com/binnie51/teamProfile-generator.git

## Technologies
* HTML
* Bootstrap
* Node.js
* Jest
* npm (inquirer & email-validator)

## Installation
1. Clone the repository
2. Run Node on index.js 
3. Install required npm libraries

## Usage
Start by running the index.js on the intergrate terminal and answer series of question to fill in informations of the team members as many. Users are first asked to choose a role they want to register in and then given specific inquirers in regards to that role. Once all employees are registered, watch a magic happens in 'team-profile.html'!

Note: Users can only register a single manager in a team.

## Contributing
DO NOT CONTRIBUTE JUST YET! Ask by contacting me!

# Tests
To run test, type npm test on the terminal while in the correct application path. All are tested under the __tests__ directory.

## Demo


## License
![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg) <br/>
Copyright (c) Vincent Tjia. All rights reserved.

Commit message:

add demo and video link to README

README.md, after:

# teamProfile-generator
A command line application that enables users to input informations in regards to their employees and generate an HTML page that displays relevant informations of each memeber on a team of developers. This application relies heavily on the concept of Object orient programming (OOP), this case being classes: Employee, Manager, Engineer, and Intern. These classes later going under unit testings to ensure correctness of JS codebase through the use of Jest.

## URL Repo
https://github.com/binnie51/teamProfile-generator.git

## Technologies
* HTML
* Bootstrap
* Node.js
* Jest
* npm (inquirer & email-validator)

## Installation
1. Clone the repository
2. Run Node on index.js 
3. Install required npm libraries

## Usage
Start by running the index.js on the intergrate terminal and answer series of question to fill in informations of the team members as many. Users are first asked to choose a role they want to register in and then given specific inquirers in regards to that role. Once all employees are registered, watch a magic happens in 'team-profile.html'!

Note: Users can only register a single manager in a team.

## Contributing
DO NOT CONTRIBUTE JUST YET! Ask by contacting me!

# Tests
To run test, type npm test on the terminal while in the correct application path. All are tested under the __tests__ directory.

## Demo
![Click here to view the video](https://drive.google.com/file/d/11jiGpr-gnLrJJKrPIFtKoG3wLqLV0NPf/view) <br/>
![demo-video](./demo%20assets/team-generator.gif)

## License
![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg) <br/>
Copyright (c) Vincent Tjia. All rights reserved.
